hey guys my name is david and you are
watching stories told
today i am going to explain a french
horror drama movie called the swarm
please be aware the video contains
spoilers virginie is a single mother
lives in rural france with her two
children laura
and gaston
she has been unsuccessfully trying to
raise locust for protein she doesn't
even have time to take her son for
soccer practice so she asks laura to
take her brother to the pitch
while she is watching her little brother
play soccer from the sidelines some
seemingly older teenagers pick on her
a man named bryant
arrives and offers to buy the
already-made locust flower
upon realizing that amount of it is so
little he backs out from the deal which
stresses version e out even more
struggling financially she borrows money
from kareem
they can't even afford to keep the
lights on in the evening
laura sits in her room watching a video
on her phone about the bullies making
fun of her mother's products they call
it gross and disgusting
we can see gaston having a great time
feeding his pet locusts
he even holds one of them in his hand he
then notices the locusts have eaten a
wart on his finger
fascinated by this fact he tells his
mother who then tells him to stop doing
weird stuff with the insects they arrive
in the town where gaston notices the
bully from the soccer pitch
laura then goes and questions him about
the humiliating video he then makes fun
of her dad being a goat farmer
laura fed up with the guy's trash
talking decides to take matters to her
hand and slaps the guy across the face
they get into a brawl which is broken
off by her mother
at home laura expresses her feeling
about being a laughingstock at school
because of her mother's profession they
are chatting about selling all the stuff
from the lab and starting over
the next day a buyer comes and takes all
the 40 kilos of insect flour but
complains about the thickness
the man tells her that if it wasn't for
kareem he wouldn't have bought it
he only pays 200 and the rest is paid by
kareem
enraged by the man's disrespectful tone
she goes on a rampage breaking the lap
she slips and hits her head on a plank
when she awakens she notices that the
locusts were feeding on her blood
at night she has a talk with kareem
about the business and her money issues
we learned that virginia used to work as
a nurse's aide in a nursing home on the
walk home she observes some locusts
outside of the lab wall
the next day when she walks in she takes
off the bandages from her wound and
sticks her arm in the inner room full of
raging insects
despite the immense pain she endures it
giving her own blood for the family's
well-being she then decides to clean the
wound pulling several mandibles out of
it
the children get home early as there
were no soccer games that day
she puts gaston to bed and asks laura to
get off her phone
she puts on a beekeeper suit and
investigates the locusts in the lab
she notices that they haven't even
touched their food she put out for them
earlier
this gives her the brilliant idea of
expanding the lab even further
kareem comes over and helps her with
setting up things laura is totally
devastated by her mother's decision
virginie shows her son the insects and
he remarks that they seem significantly
bigger than before she tells him that
she gave them parsley that's why they
have grown so big
she forbids her son going in there alone
ever again gaston is so fascinated by
the new locusts that he puts one in his
own terrarium as well
at the dinner table gaston has a locust
in a cardboard box
the locust sucking in so much steroid
from virginie's blood it can even lift
the box by jumping inside it laura
smacks the cardboard box in anger she
questions her mother about selling the
laboratory and starting over they start
shouting with each other which abruptly
ends with laura leaving the dinner table
we can see that the freshly brought in
locusts have devoured their weaker mates
at night we can see virginie preparing a
nice meal for the already hungry insects
inside
she cuts her arm and sits inside where
she is swarmed with insects feeding on
her blood she then goes out to kareem
who is still working at the vineyard
late at night
they chatter about the lack of rain in
virginia shows no interest going to a
farmer's fair where she could have had a
stand next to kareem
she has other plans with her product she
is only going to make animal food from
it the next day she drove to the duck
farmer's house with 150 kilograms of
flour
the man buys all of it she casually
orders pig blood on the phone which
arrives the very same day
from the bushes her neighbor snoops on
her and seems distressed about the
expansion of the lab
the delivery guy even jokes about her
feeding them blood she mixes the blood
with a little pectin to make jelly out
of it so the insects will not drown in
it
laura helps her mother with the
packaging while gaston takes the family
goat on a walk to the fields nearby at 2
am laura notices her mother walking out
to the locusts she becomes suspicious of
her
in the morning her friend from school
luke comes over and is being very
surprised about the number of locusts
they have he asks her about moving but
she refuses to reply laura once again
having anger issues and begins to
destroy the freshly set up expansion of
the greenhouses she cuts open the bags
which they keep the insects in now the
locusts are free to roam and it is a
disaster waiting to happen it doesn't
take long before the swarm reaches the
car in which gaston sits
they devour the family goat in matter of
seconds version e finally gets home and
immediately stopped by his son who tells
her that the locusts have taken the goat
she rushes to the house and tell the
children to get inside
she finds the half-eaten carcass of the
goat once she got back she lies to the
children about it and after she scolded
laura for cutting the bags open she goes
out with gaston to look for the goat
she lets her son roam around the field
alone while she remains in the car
the following morning they decide to go
to the beach and have a family picnic
just as nothing has happened she
promises to send gaston to soccer camp
next week which he is very happy about
they finally have a peaceful moment as a
family when they get home kareem is
already there with a scooter laura asks
about it and he tells her that it's a
present from her mother kareem and
virginie enjoy a glass of wine in the
garage and things get a little hot in no
time but she stops him before they get
to second base
the success of the new feeding methods
is undeniable as we can see workers
setting up two new greenhouses she even
wants to cut down a tree which gaston is
very much against because it was the
tree of the family goat
she then gives in and decides to set up
the greenhouse at another location
previously her order for pig's blood got
denied so she makes a difficult decision
to use her own blood for feeding the
locusts
kareem becomes a little suspicious about
the rapid expansion of the farm and
questions version e
the situation between them is still
tense from last night's events so kareem
leaves
at night the neighbor's dog wanders over
to their property and she feeds it to
the insects
gaston has a nightmare about the locusts
being overpopulated and breaking free
while cleaning up the remains of the dog
virginia is disturbed by her daughter
telling her she has visitors the duck
farmer came to buy more locust flour he
also brought one of his colleagues
she shows them around the lab all while
laura helps his brother packing things
up for the soccer camp he doesn't really
want to leave home at night virginie
butchers a calf from a local farm and
drains the blood of it
laura brings gaston to the bus and their
mother fails to show up
when she gets home she walks into her
mother's room where she finds the
bloodstained clothes she searches for
her mother in the lab and finds her
sitting in the middle of the lab feeding
the locusts with her own blood
having a panic attack from the scene she
just witnessed she runs back to the
bathroom
she sends a message to kareem that
something is wrong with her mom
kareem arrives at the house and meets
virginie when she tries to walk to the
next room she collapses from the blood
loss caused by the feeding
they drive over to kareem's place laura
almost tells him the truth but she gets
interrupted by her mother walking in
kareem tells virginie that she needs to
take better care of her daughter
they leave the house and decide on going
home the neighbor snoops around the
greenhouses searching for his dog he
opens one of the bags filled with locust
and finds some bloodstains on the ground
while backing the car kareem decides not
to leave things hanging and sneaks into
one of the greenhouses
it happens to be the greenhouse which
the neighbor was in and he finds his
ravaged corpse
he then flees back to his car unaware to
the fact verginee blames her daughter
for this
he decides to come back with a gas
canister pouring it all over the lab and
the greenhouses burning them to the
ground
the insects are swarming out of the
burning greenhouses virginie still wants
to put out the fire kareem and laura
flee inside the house he notices the
locusts piling up on one of the windows
completely blocking it virginie's
efforts are all in vain as she cannot
stop the fire she runs back to the house
as well to look for her daughter
she finds kareem barely clinging to his
life completely covered in insects
laura runs out to the forest she seeks
shelter under a boat at the nearby lake
surrounded by a colossal cloud of
locusts
they swarm the boat as laura cries out
for help to her mother
virginie covers her face with her blood
to save her daughter's life
the insects brutally swarm her but she
succeeds with her plan barely surviving
the heroic act
they fall into each other's arms as the
sun comes up
[Music]
thank you for watching if you enjoyed
this video please leave a like and
subscribe
thanks